Hill, N. R. (2001). Prestack Gaussian-beam depth migration. Geophysics, 66(4), 1240-1250.
#### Introduction
#### Theory
#### Computations
#### Results
#### Disscusion and conclusion

+ The purpose of depth migration is to form subsurface imaging where rapid lateral variations in the earth's velocieties cause significant refraction of seismic energy.
+ Gaussian beam migration is an alternative method of prestack Kirchhoff depth migration. This method includs image contributions from most multipath arrivals. The Green's functions are formed by superimposing Gaussian beams to form point-source wavefields.
To the extent that the beams are accurate solutions to the wave equation, this superposition gives the correct point-source response in regions where the velocities vary and the wave-front triplicates. This Gaussian beam summation technique can be delveloped as an efficient, three-dimensional, prestack, common-offset depth migration.
+ Just as other migration methods, Gaussian beam migration begins with the assumption that the scalar wave equation governs a seismic wavefield $\Phi(r,\omega)$:
$$\nabla^2 \Phi(r,\omega)+\frac{\omega^2}{v(r)^2}\Phi(r,\omega)=0$$
Valus of this wave-field are related by boundary value integrals. In particular, the upcoming wavefield recorded at the earth's surface $z'=0$ is related to the field at a subsurface point $r$ by the boundary value integral
$$\Phi(r,\omega)=\frac{-1}{2\pi}\int\int dx' dy' \frac{\partial G^*(r,r',\omega)}{\partial z'} \Phi(r',\omega)$$
There are two independent Green's function solutions corresponding to different radiation boundary conditiond: if $G(r,r',\omega)$ is the retarded solution, which represents the waves expending from the point source, then its complex conjugate $G^*(r,r',\omega)$ is the advanced solution, which represents waves imploding toward the point source. Function $G^*(r,r',\omega)$ is the appropriate choice in the present case, which requires that the recorded wavefield be propagated back toward the subsurface reflectors(Scheider,1978).
+ The exploding reflector principle(Clearbout,1985) sates that if the seismic velocities halved, then the seismic image is eaual to the downward-continued, zero-offset data evaluated at time zero. If $\Phi_0(r,t)$ is the zero-offset wavefield at subsurface point $r$, then the image is
$$I_0(r)=[\Phi_0(r,t)]_{t=0}=\int d\omega \Phi_0(r,\omega)$$
$$I_0(r)=\frac{-1}{2\pi}\int d\omega\int \int dx' dy' \frac{\partial G^*(r,r',\omega)}{\partial z'}[D_h(r',\omega)]_{h=0}$$
where $D_h(r')$ is the recorded wavefield at offset $h$.
